# Formal_Systems_Modeling - Project information and citation guide. 
A. Mohsin, N. K. Janjua, S. M. S. Islam and M. A. Babar, "SAM-SoS: A Stochastic Software Architecture Modeling and Verification Approach for Complex System-of-Systems," in IEEE Access, vol. 8, pp. 177580-177603, 2020, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3025934.

This repository is a part of our ongoing efforts to design a Hybrid stochastic modeling description for SoS Architecture. It contains some initial prototypes of the formal syntax terminal rules based on Hybrid Stochastic process algebra originating from SPA and class Process Algebraic formalism.

The terminal rules have been defined considering underlying syntax and semantics. These are initial versions of the formal description. Further updates will be provided. Terminal rules have been defined using existing formal modeling representations, mainly Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP) from Compass Modeling Language (CML) pi-calculus (Pi- ADL), Calculus of Communicating Systems (CCS) & CCP (Sosadl). These further have been integrated into Stochastic Process Algebraic existing operators (SPA). The Architectural core concepts are inspired by class formal Architecture descriptions aimed for single systems modeling. The resulting modelng enriched with Stochastic concurrent compositional semantics are capabable to manage non-deterministic behaviors. Moreover are treated as modes Markovian Models with existing specialization of CTMC. In the future, we intend to extend with other Markov representations such as DTMC and MDP.
